resumable: clarify client behavior on 413 response (#3312)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-resumable-upload.md

Servers, including intermediaries, can (and often do) apply restrictions on the size of individual request message content. There is no standard mechanism to communicate such existing size restriction. A server that implements one can respond with a 413 Content Too Large status code; see {{Section 15.5.14 of HTTP}}. Appending to an upload resource, as a series of appends, can be used to upload data up to the `max-size` limit without encountering per-message limits. Servers might apply restrictions that are smaller than the append limits, which would also result in a failed request.

> When a client receives a response with a 413 Content Too Large status code during upload creation ({{upload-creation}}) or append ({{upload-appending}}), it SHOULD retry the request with a smaller size residing between `min-append-size` and `max-append-size`. If these limits are unknown at the time of receiving such a response, the client SHOULD attempt to discover them through an `OPTIONS` request. Cases where a request uses `min-append-size` yet fails with a 413 Content Too Large response might indicate a deployment mismatch that cannot be recovered from.

Reviewer: We should probably require 413 to carry an `Upload-Limit` header if it's from a resumable upload server. Upload creation can be attempted without knowledge of server support, and clients can't retry a non-resumable upload.

Reviewer: SHOULD is a recommendation and means that we think it's a good idea. I don't think it's feasible for us since you know there are unupgradable printers that would crash when it receives an OPTIONS request. We have to be as safe as possible when discovering resumable upload support.

Yeah, this has to be an opt-in feature, although a more desirable opt-in behavior probably is to always send OPTIONS to detect Upload-Limit first instead of relying on 413.

> A server responding with a 413 Content Too Large status code as a result of its upload limits MUST include the Upload-Limit header in this response, unless it is unable to do so (such as if an intermediary responds in its place). When a client receives a response with a 413 Content Too Large status code during upload creation ({{upload-creation}}) or append ({{upload-appending}}), it SHOULD retry the request with a smaller size residing between `min-append-size` and `max-append-size`. If these limits are unknown at the time of receiving such a response, the client MAY attempt to discover them through an `OPTIONS` request. The client MUST NOT retry the upload request without knowledge of server support of resumable uploads. Cases where a request uses `min-append-size` yet fails with a 413 Content Too Large response might indicate a deployment mismatch that cannot be recovered from.

Author: Thanks! I agree SHOULD makes sense there since the server is already allowed to not add it if it can't.

Servers, including intermediaries, can (and often do) apply restrictions on the size of individual request message content. There is no standard mechanism to communicate such existing size restriction. A server that implements one can respond with a `413 (Content Too Large)` status code; see {{Section 15.5.14 of HTTP}}. Appending to an upload resource, as a series of appends, can be used to upload data up to the `max-size` limit without encountering per-message limits. Servers might apply restrictions that are smaller than the append limits, which would also result in a failed request.

> A server responding with a `413 (Content Too Large)` status code as a result of its upload limits SHOULD include the Upload-Limit header in this response if possible. This might not be possible if intermediaries enforce content size restrictions. When a client receives a response with a `413 (Content Too Large)` status code during upload creation ({{upload-creation}}) or append ({{upload-appending}}), it SHOULD retry the request with a smaller size residing between `min-append-size` and `max-append-size`. If these limits are unknown at the time of receiving such a response, the client MAY attempt to discover them through an `OPTIONS` request. The client MUST NOT retry the upload request without knowledge of server support of resumable uploads. Cases where a request uses `min-append-size` yet fails with a `413 (Content Too Large)` response might indicate a deployment mismatch that cannot be recovered from.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A server responding with a `413 (Content Too Large)` status code as a result of its upload limits SHOULD include the `Upload-Limit` header field in this response if possible. This might not be possible if intermediaries enforce content size restrictions. When a client receives a response with a `413 (Content Too Large)` status code during upload creation ({{upload-creation}}) or append ({{upload-appending}}), it SHOULD retry the request with a smaller size residing between `min-append-size` and `max-append-size`. If these limits are unknown at the time of receiving such a response, the client can attempt to discover them through an `OPTIONS` request. Retrying with the same request content size will likely yield the same error response. Cases where the request content size matches the `min-append-size` limit yet fails with a `413 (Content Too Large)` response might indicate a deployment mismatch that cannot be recovered from.
```

I think we can reduce the normative language here since it won't help with interoperability much here. It's better to describe the resulting situation, so implementers will know what not to do and why.

After that we can merge this :)
